good afternoon
From Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, where
did the word Russia come from, this city is such a word to
Russia,
this is a Nazi greeting
greeting, my grandfather just fought,
it was the Russian liberation of
Soviet gas employers, they
said Glory to Russia and flavas, they
still had white scary blue
and the deduction scream words absolutely
no
[music]
let's say
why do you have some kind of flag behind you Well,
look you say the words of Russia and the letters
on your head on your head and Well, I think
it's written Russian hooligan is not right there in
English letters
why I'm promoting Well, you go and
they will show everyone the Cyrillic alphabet
look at what you are sitting through now through the
English Internet
American No, I understand you have exactly a
laptop or a computer
letters which English English
I have and that’s all I have and that’s all
and who are you by nation
Well, why are English letters
because we are the sufferers of America
corrupt Yes  And you Russians also get a
little bit you look like
Anglo-Saxon paper clips
You are a Russian
semi-warrior  speaks in Russian
lets me wonder you understand
why I don’t even need this in my life
Well look it’s
such an intellectual feature Yes I
develop where I need to understand
where Well tell me where
I have my own business, let’s say a
small one
What do you do
?  it’s written on his hat
propagandizing the western conference
you on the keyboard besides England What
letters we still have
completely
Well, let’s say, let’s not
allow
Slovenia Well, yes, you are a Slav, your ancestors
wrote books
I don’t know it will come out I wrote Russian
and why
[music] is
too abstruse
what you don’t need is better you would understand
it at this hour with her, so to speak, now it’s supposed to
and now we have a
situation I just can’t normally
eat that there isn’t such No
other word Well what Let’s try
to find it What is a synonym that doesn’t exist
now a synonym for [ __ ]
the same meaning
You came up with
respect That’s why you but I didn’t go to you
pancake less in front of the protortion house  I
think it’s
just a video without any philosophy, it’s just set up
for Arno, I just want to make a
joke,
put in the comments
everyone who knows Russian well
Write in the comments what is the synonym
for the non-existent word
now